# Docuflow

Docuflow is a lightweight documentation generator from markdown files. It is designed to be simple and easy to use. It is a single binary that generates a static site from markdown files.

The build time of the site is very fast, as the markdown files are not parsed at build time. Instead, the markdown files are parsed at runtime, and the HTML is cached (or at least, it will be).

## Usage

### Development Testing

To test the site locally, run the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/trevorflahardy/docuflow
cd docuflow
npm install && npm run build

# NOTE: Move the docs folder into the dist folder
```

And then you can start a local development server for `dist/index.html` using any static server. For example, I use the VSCode extension `Live Server`.

## Development Note

This side project of mine is in its infancy. I am currently working on the basic functionality of the site. This `README.md` will be updated as the project progresses.

The goal of this project is to write my own parser for Markdown files and to, eventually, extend conventional Markdown for useful purposes, such as inline evaluated code
blocks, variables, latex, etc.

### Development Goals

- [ ] Creating a CLI that loads from a settings file (`docuflow.config.js`), copies all files to the output directory, and generates an `index.html` file.
- [ ] Conventional Markdown parsing
  - [x] Headers
  - [x] Paragraphs
  - [x] Italic
  - [x] Bold
  - [ ] Lists
  - [ ] Code blocks
  - [ ] Links (between MD files, need routing)
  - [ ] Images
  - [ ] MAYBE: Tables?
- [ ] Custom routing for links between MD files.
  - [ ] Links at headers for easy navigation.
- [ ] Custom Home Page capabilities? Maybe allow for a user to create an html or something?
- [ ] Documentation for docuflow generated by docuflow.
- [ ] Provide a user facing API of docuflow's internal API? (Maybe)

### Side Note

Webpack will be used to build the project. A custom CLI tool will be created to build Webpack programmatically and then move the `docs` directory into the output folder so that the website can locate the Markdown files.

During development, if you are building without the CLI, simply run the Webpack build and then manually move the `docs` folder into the output folder.
